What is Python programming language?

Python

Python is an Open source, Free, High-level, Dynamic, and Interpreted programming language. Python was released in December 1989 by Guido van Rossum. Python programing language is one of the cleanest and easy to learn a language in the programming world. It’s easy syntax improved the readability of the code and makes it easy to understand.


Features of Python:-

ABC programming language is considered as the successor of the Python programing language. Guido Van Rossum who also contributed to the development of the ABC programing language referred the ABC language and improve the syntaxes of the ABC to generate a more clean easy and high-level programing language. Python has many features as it gets updates most frequently:

    Object-oriented
    Dynamically typed language
    Interpreted language
    Extensible
    Dynamic memory allocation
    Integrated

etc.
It is one of the most used  language by programmers.


Applications of Python:-

Python programming language s used in many areas of development. Due to its easy understand ability and good user interface, it is used in many scientific fields. Many heavy operations Numeric and scientific calculations, Research and development, Scraping and many more. Some applications are:

    Machine Learning
    Artificial Intelligence
    Web Scraping
    Data Science and Analysis
    GUI

etc. 
Python has good library support that makes a programmer to write the program more easily and efficiently. It has library support for machine learning, Scraping, GUI, etc.


Companies using python:-

Python is spreading in the air like fragrance of rose slowly but heavily. Today many techs. giants are adopting Python as their primary language and developing tools on python. Python’s cross-platform support and its accessibility make programmers to code everything in python. Some big companies using python are:

    Instagram
    Spotify
    Amazon
    Google
    Netflix
    Dropbox

etc. 
Python is a good programming language to start, but once you start to write code in python it will remain forever.

